to help her in her quest she's equipped
with three superpowers first an amazing
approach to getting about Portia is a
jumping spider able to leap up to 50
times their own body length nowhere
seems beyond her reach
next her second superpower supervised
sight essential if she's to distinguish
her prey in all this cutter because her
prey doesn't stray Portia is a spider
eating spider this raises a few problems
her lunch is three times as Sunny's
packed with venom and surrounded by a
sticky trap
mission impossible not at all because of
her third superpower Porter is a genius
she can map her world in three
dimensions and formulate a plan of
attack
[Music]
you can have an idea
the web builder is blind it won't have a
clue that she's coming
[Music]
right on target and safely behind those
fangs but a mind as active as Portia's
can always do with more brain food here
there's no anchor point for the abseil
but Porsche has another idea instead of
going to the spider
[Music]
she will bring the spider to her she
plucks the strands to imitate struggling
prey drawing the spider in to its death
you
[Music]